# IPFS All Hands Call 08 August 2016

**Moderator:** Matt Zumwalt  (@flyingzumwalt)

**Notetaker:** Richard Littauer (@RichardLitt)

**Attendees** 
- @nicola
- @RichardLitt
- @jbenet
- @flyingzumwalt
- @haadcode
- @em-ly
- @dignifiedquire
- @diasdavid
- @betaphors
- @Kubuxu
- @haadcode
- @gavinmcdermott
- @ReidWilliams

## Agenda
1. Roll call by alphabetical order (moderator)
2. New call/sprint format and Community Calendar - [issue 134](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/134)  and [this comment](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/133#issuecomment-238265884)
3. Call for additional agenda items (moderator)
4. Checking in on the GitHub issue. (@diasdavid)
5. PM Process Discussions  [PR 131](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/pull/131) (@flyingzumwalt)
6. Proposal for a breakout call: mfs and `ipfs files`. See [this issue]
8. Proposal for discussion: pubsub. See [this comment](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/130#issuecomment-237293938). (@diasdavid)
(https://github.com/ipfs/specs/issues/98#issuecomment-238032795). (@diasdavid)
9. Proposal for discussion: IPLD. See [this issue](https://github.com/ipfs/pm/issues/124). (@nicola)
10. Schedule for the day
11. Renaming libp2p-swarm to net-machine. See [this issue](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-swarm/issues/40#issuecomment-238034905). (@diasdavid)
12. RFI about Q2 Update (jbenet)


1. Moderator/notetaker for next time:
 * Moderator: @flyingzumwalt 
 * Notetaker: @dignifiedquire 

--

# Notes

- Raise questions by raising hands.

## New format for quick round
- type of discussion:
  - Cross-cutting
  - Need discussion
- delegate conversations for later
- moderator
  - can rotate
  - keeps things on track
  - keeping things rolling
  - keepin' it smooth

## Agenda items
- write them on github
- announce them at the beginning of the call
- writing them in the PAD

## Checking in for Github
- We should continue to check in on the Sprint issue
- But this isn't happening
- We should also have a section about things which we said we could do, but don't
- @jbenet: I don't know if we're going with Kanban or Agile, or so on, and this will make sense later. Super important to track though.
- @dignifiedquire: Writing the tasks is a waste of time if we have Boards. We need to be able to check things at places in time, though, and take a screenshot (or some other way of capturing time-sensitive information), once a week or so.
- @jbenet: We can discuss this, and what models we want, on GitHub
- TODO: @diasdavid Open a GitHub issue about this topic so we can discuss it async

## PM Process Discussions

- Note for new people: We are working on our process right now; in particular, we're trying to get our model down. 
- After Lisbon, the goal is to put together a process for managing our projects in the IPFS community. 
- We need to find a general-enough process that we can use, but that people can choose to opt into (or not). 
- Some IPFS projects may need this now, however. 
- So far, a lot of discussion about how we do PM. First, we've been figuring out the model - as @jbenet says, "figuring our the description for the process so that you can implement it with post-it notes if needed."
- There's a document in a PR (https://github.com/ipfs/pm/pull/131) that is good, and we're working on feedback for that
- We need some tool which can be automated, though: roadmaps, milestones, tags, and so on. Ideally, something does this all for you (CI hook, or something similar). 
- @jbenet: What should people do this week while we hash this out?
- TODO: @ipfs/devs: Add your sprint todos this Monday for the following work, using the old method, while we figure out how we want this to look. Explicit decision: Use what we used to do that worked (aka huge markdown lists in the sprint issue). 
- This pertains to: @RichardLit, @jbenet, @flyingzumwalt, @haadoce, @dignifiedquire, @diasdavid, @Kubuxu, @whyrusleeping, @nicola
- Anyone want to get involved, but havent yet?
- @RichardLitt: Waiting becuase there are a lot of cooks, would like to get involved when you feel it is a good time.
- @dignifiedquire: I'd also like to know, but when there is a draft.
- @haadcode: Review it this week; next week is tooling. 

## MFS

@jbenet: All the bike sheds! Can we do this over GitHub?
@diasdavid: If we commit to that, but over a couple of days, not two months, if possible?
@jbenet will do.

## PubSub

@diasdavid: Breakout Discussion!! 
- What do we do with our time, research, prototype, and so on. 

When: Immediately after this call

## IPLD

Scheduled. 

## Renaming

@diasdavid: Should be part of the libp2p discussion
@jbenet: I can't make that call, and this should be on github. 
TODO: Can we prioritize that issue? (Yes)

## RFI about Q2 Update

@jbenet: I'm preparing an update on Q2 for the whole IPFS project. Highlighting a lot of important things, too.
I will post a skeleton or a draft and tag relevant people about this (also needs pictures!).
@RichardLitt: Let me haaaalpp

## Done. Retrospective

Done in under 45 minutes. We'll tighten this up. 
